docs/pages/getting-started.mdx, before:

# Getting Started

Welcome to Nostromo UI! This guide helps you get started with our UI library.

## Prerequisites

- **Node.js**: >= 20.0.0
- **React**: >= 18.0.0
- **TypeScript**: >= 5.0.0 (recommended)
- **Tailwind CSS**: >= 3.0.0 or >= 4.0.0

## Installation

Install Nostromo UI in your project:

```bash
# npm
npm install @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw

# pnpm
pnpm add @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw

# yarn
yarn add @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw
```

### Peer Dependencies

Nostromo UI requires the following peer dependencies:

```bash
npm install react react-dom
npm install -D tailwindcss
```

## Theming Setup

### 1. Import Base CSS
```ts
// In your entry file (e.g. main.tsx)
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/styles/base.css";
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/themes/nostromo.css"; // choose or customize theme
```

### 2. Apply Theme
```html
<html data-theme="nostromo" data-color-scheme="light">
  <!-- Your content -->
</html>
```

### 3. Customize Brand Colors (Optional)
```css
[data-theme="mybrand"] {
  --color-brand-500: 220 100% 50%;  /* Your brand blue */
  --color-brand-600: 220 100% 40%;  /* Darker variant */
}
```

[**Complete Theming Guide →**](/theming)

## Basic Usage

```jsx
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function MyComponent() {
  return <Button>Click me</Button>
}
```

## Tailwind CSS Configuration

Nostromo UI uses Tailwind CSS. Configure Tailwind in your project:

```js
// tailwind.config.js
const nostromoPreset = require("@nostromo/ui-tw/tailwind.preset.js");

module.exports = {
  content: [
    "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}",
    "./node_modules/@nostromo/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}"
  ],
  presets: [nostromoPreset],
};
```

### Project Setup Examples

**Next.js (App Router):**
```tsx
// app/layout.tsx
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/styles/base.css";
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/themes/nostromo.css";

export default function RootLayout({ children }) {
  return (
    <html data-theme="nostromo" data-color-scheme="light">
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

**Vite:**
```tsx
// main.tsx
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/styles/base.css";
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/themes/nostromo.css";
import React from "react";
import ReactDOM from "react-dom/client";
import App from "./App";

ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById("root")!).render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>
);
```

**Dark Mode Toggle:**
```tsx
// Theme toggle example
function ThemeToggle() {
  const [isDark, setIsDark] = useState(false);
  
  useEffect(() => {
    document.documentElement.setAttribute(
      'data-color-scheme', 
      isDark ? 'dark' : 'light'
    );
  }, [isDark]);
  
  return (
    <button onClick={() => setIsDark(!isDark)}>
      {isDark ? 'Light' : 'Dark'} Mode
    </button>
  );
}
```

## Next Steps

- Explore [components](/components/button) to see all available components
- See [Storybook](/storybook) for interactive examples
- Read [API documentation](/api) for detailed props
- Check [theming guide](/theming) for customization

## Support

Have questions? Check our [FAQ](/faq) or contact us on GitHub.

Commit message:

fix: address non-critical review feedback
- Add smoke tests for marketing and theme packages (replace placeholder tests)
- Fix lint warnings: replace all 'any' types in Storybook stories with proper types
- Remove --passWithNoTests flag from test scripts
- Document publish strategy in getting-started guide (npm vs GitHub/local)
- Fix PaginationWrapper type in stories

docs/pages/getting-started.mdx, after:

# Getting Started

Welcome to Nostromo UI! This guide helps you get started with our UI library.

## Prerequisites

- **Node.js**: >= 20.0.0
- **React**: >= 18.0.0
- **TypeScript**: >= 5.0.0 (recommended)
- **Tailwind CSS**: >= 3.0.0 or >= 4.0.0

## Installation

### From npm (when published)

Once published to npm, install Nostromo UI in your project:

```bash
# npm
npm install @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw

# pnpm
pnpm add @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw

# yarn
yarn add @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw
```

### From GitHub (development/local)

For local development or if packages aren't published yet, you can install directly from GitHub:

```bash
# Using pnpm (recommended for monorepo)
pnpm add @nostromo/ui-core@workspace:* @nostromo/ui-marketing@workspace:* @nostromo/ui-tw@workspace:*

# Or clone the repository and link locally
git clone https://github.com/JarlLyng/nostromo-ui.git
cd nostromo-ui
pnpm install
pnpm build
```

**Note**: Currently, packages are not published to npm. For production use, clone the repository and build locally, or wait for npm publication.

### Peer Dependencies

Nostromo UI requires the following peer dependencies:

```bash
npm install react react-dom
npm install -D tailwindcss
```

## Theming Setup

### 1. Import Base CSS
```ts
// In your entry file (e.g. main.tsx)
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/styles/base.css";
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/themes/nostromo.css"; // choose or customize theme
```

### 2. Apply Theme
```html
<html data-theme="nostromo" data-color-scheme="light">
  <!-- Your content -->
</html>
```

### 3. Customize Brand Colors (Optional)
```css
[data-theme="mybrand"] {
  --color-brand-500: 220 100% 50%;  /* Your brand blue */
  --color-brand-600: 220 100% 40%;  /* Darker variant */
}
```

[**Complete Theming Guide →**](/theming)

## Basic Usage

```jsx
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function MyComponent() {
  return <Button>Click me</Button>
}
```

## Tailwind CSS Configuration

Nostromo UI uses Tailwind CSS. Configure Tailwind in your project:

```js
// tailwind.config.js
const nostromoPreset = require("@nostromo/ui-tw/tailwind.preset.js");

module.exports = {
  content: [
    "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}",
    "./node_modules/@nostromo/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}"
  ],
  presets: [nostromoPreset],
};
```

### Project Setup Examples

**Next.js (App Router):**
```tsx
// app/layout.tsx
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/styles/base.css";
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/themes/nostromo.css";

export default function RootLayout({ children }) {
  return (
    <html data-theme="nostromo" data-color-scheme="light">
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

**Vite:**
```tsx
// main.tsx
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/styles/base.css";
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/themes/nostromo.css";
import React from "react";
import ReactDOM from "react-dom/client";
import App from "./App";

ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById("root")!).render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>
);
```

**Dark Mode Toggle:**
```tsx
// Theme toggle example
function ThemeToggle() {
  const [isDark, setIsDark] = useState(false);
  
  useEffect(() => {
    document.documentElement.setAttribute(
      'data-color-scheme', 
      isDark ? 'dark' : 'light'
    );
  }, [isDark]);
  
  return (
    <button onClick={() => setIsDark(!isDark)}>
      {isDark ? 'Light' : 'Dark'} Mode
    </button>
  );
}
```

## Next Steps

- Explore [components](/components/button) to see all available components
- See [Storybook](/storybook) for interactive examples
- Read [API documentation](/api) for detailed props
- Check [theming guide](/theming) for customization

## Support

Have questions? Check our [FAQ](/faq) or contact us on GitHub.
