docs/pages/index.mdx, before:

import { track } from '../lib/analytics'
import Link from 'next/link'
import { withBasePath } from '../utils/withBasePath'

<div className="mb-16">
  {/* Hero Section with mesh/radial background */}
  <div className="relative overflow-hidden rounded-2xl border border-border bg-gradient-to-br from-primary/10 via-background to-primary/5 p-8 md:p-12 lg:p-16">
    {/* Mesh/radial background pattern */}
    <div className="absolute inset-0 opacity-30">
      <div className="absolute inset-0 bg-[radial-gradient(circle_at_50%_50%,rgba(139,92,246,0.1),transparent_50%)]"></div>
      <div className="absolute inset-0 bg-[radial-gradient(circle_at_80%_20%,rgba(59,130,246,0.1),transparent_50%)]"></div>
      <div className="absolute inset-0 bg-[radial-gradient(circle_at_20%_80%,rgba(168,85,247,0.1),transparent_50%)]"></div>
    </div>
    
    <div className="relative z-10 max-w-5xl mx-auto">
      <h1 className="text-5xl md:text-6xl lg:text-7xl font-bold mb-6 bg-gradient-to-r from-primary via-primary/80 to-primary/60 bg-clip-text text-transparent leading-tight">
        <span className="block">Nostromo UI</span>
      </h1>
      <div className="text-xl md:text-2xl text-muted-foreground mb-8 max-w-3xl leading-relaxed">
        <span>
          A modern, accessible UI library built with <strong>React</strong>, <strong>TypeScript</strong>, and <strong>Tailwind CSS</strong>. Featuring 30 core components, 6 marketing components, and 4 predefined themes with full dark mode support.
        </span>
      </div>
      
      {/* Glassy CTA row */}
      <div className="flex flex-wrap gap-4 mb-6">
        <Link
          href="/getting-started"
          onClick={() => track('cta_get_started', { placement: 'hero' })}
          className="group inline-flex items-center px-6 py-3.5 bg-primary text-primary-foreground rounded-xl font-semibold hover:bg-primary/90 transition-all shadow-lg hover:shadow-xl hover:scale-105"
        >
          <span className="mr-2">Get Started</span>
          <svg className="w-5 h-5 group-hover:translate-x-1 transition-transform" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" viewBox="0 0 24 24">
            <path strokeLinecap="round" strokeLinejoin="round" strokeWidth={2} d="M13 7l5 5m0 0l-5 5m5-5H6" />
          </svg>
        </Link>
        <a
          href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/"
          target="_blank"
          rel="noopener noreferrer"
          onClick={() => track('cta_storybook', { placement: 'hero' })}
          className="group inline-flex items-center px-6 py-3.5 bg-background/80 backdrop-blur-sm text-foreground rounded-xl font-semibold border-2 border-border hover:border-primary/50 transition-all shadow-md hover:shadow-lg"
        >
          <svg className="mr-2 w-5 h-5" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" viewBox="0 0 24 24">
            <path strokeLinecap="round" strokeLinejoin="round" strokeWidth={2} d="M10 20l4-16m4 4l4 4-4 4M6 16l-4-4 4-4" />
          </svg>
          <span>Open Storybook</span>
        </a>
      </div>
      
      {/* Secondary pill */}
      <div className="flex items-center gap-2 text-sm text-muted-foreground">
        <span className="inline-flex items-center px-3 py-1 rounded-full bg-muted/50 border border-border">
          <span className="w-2 h-2 bg-success rounded-full mr-2 animate-pulse"></span>
          <span>Production Ready</span>
        </span>
        <span className="inline-flex items-center px-3 py-1 rounded-full bg-muted/50 border border-border">
          <span className="w-2 h-2 bg-primary rounded-full mr-2"></span>
          <span>WCAG 2.1 AA</span>
        </span>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

# Nostromo UI

## Quick Install

```bash
# npm
npm install @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw

# pnpm
pnpm add @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw

# yarn
yarn add @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw
```

<div className="mt-6 flex gap-3 text-primary font-semibold">
  <Link className="hover:text-primary/80" href="/getting-started">
    <span>Get Started →</span>
  </Link>
  <span className="text-muted-foreground">|</span>
  <a className="hover:text-primary/80" href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <span>View Storybook →</span>
  </a>
</div>

## Why Nostromo UI?

- **🎨 4 Predefined Themes** - Nostromo, Mother, LV-426, Sulaco with easy customization
- **♿ WCAG 2.1 AA Compliant** - Accessible out of the box
- **⚡ Zero Runtime Overhead** - CSS variables, no JavaScript theming
- **📦 Tree-shakeable** - Import only what you need
- **🎯 TypeScript First** - Full type safety and IntelliSense
- **🌙 Dark Mode** - System and manual dark mode support

## Components

<div className="my-8">
  <Link
    href="/components"
    onClick={() => track('cta_view_components', { placement: 'components_list' })}
    className="inline-flex items-center text-primary hover:text-primary/80 font-semibold"
  >
    <span>View All Components →</span>
  </Link>
</div>

### Core Components (30)

<div className="grid grid-cols-1 md:grid-cols-2 lg:grid-cols-3 gap-4 my-6">
  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Button</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Interactive buttons with loading states and variants</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/button" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-button--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Badge</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Status indicators and labels</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/badge" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-badge--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Input</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Text input fields with validation</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/input" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-input--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Card</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Container components for content</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/card" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-card--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Calendar</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Date picker with multiple selection modes</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/calendar" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-calendar--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Charts</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Data visualization components</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/charts" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-charts--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

### Marketing Components (6)

<div className="grid grid-cols-1 md:grid-cols-2 lg:grid-cols-3 gap-4 my-6">
  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Hero</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Hero sections with customizable layouts</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/hero" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-hero--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Features</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Feature showcase grids with icons</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/features" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-features--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Pricing</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Pricing tables with yearly/monthly toggle</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/pricing" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-pricing--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

## Quick Start

1. **Install packages** (see above)
2. **Configure Tailwind** - Add Nostromo preset to `tailwind.config.js`
3. **Import CSS** - Add base styles and theme
4. **Start using components**

<Link href="/getting-started">**Complete Setup Guide →**</Link>

## Documentation

- <Link href="/api-reference">**API Reference**</Link> - Complete component API documentation
- <Link href="/theming">**Theming Guide**</Link> - Customize themes and design tokens
- <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">**Storybook**</a> - Interactive component playground
- <Link href="/faq">**FAQ**</Link> - Frequently asked questions

Commit message:

docs: Fix documentation issues from review
- Add workspace-only warning to docs homepage
- Fix base.css import paths across all documentation (9 files)
- Fix README test count inconsistencies (standardize to 842)
- Fix Storybook command in documentation

Addresses all issues from REVIEW.md

docs/pages/index.mdx, after:

import { track } from '../lib/analytics'
import Link from 'next/link'
import { withBasePath } from '../utils/withBasePath'

<div className="mb-16">
  {/* Hero Section with mesh/radial background */}
  <div className="relative overflow-hidden rounded-2xl border border-border bg-gradient-to-br from-primary/10 via-background to-primary/5 p-8 md:p-12 lg:p-16">
    {/* Mesh/radial background pattern */}
    <div className="absolute inset-0 opacity-30">
      <div className="absolute inset-0 bg-[radial-gradient(circle_at_50%_50%,rgba(139,92,246,0.1),transparent_50%)]"></div>
      <div className="absolute inset-0 bg-[radial-gradient(circle_at_80%_20%,rgba(59,130,246,0.1),transparent_50%)]"></div>
      <div className="absolute inset-0 bg-[radial-gradient(circle_at_20%_80%,rgba(168,85,247,0.1),transparent_50%)]"></div>
    </div>
    
    <div className="relative z-10 max-w-5xl mx-auto">
      <h1 className="text-5xl md:text-6xl lg:text-7xl font-bold mb-6 bg-gradient-to-r from-primary via-primary/80 to-primary/60 bg-clip-text text-transparent leading-tight">
        <span className="block">Nostromo UI</span>
      </h1>
      <div className="text-xl md:text-2xl text-muted-foreground mb-8 max-w-3xl leading-relaxed">
        <span>
          A modern, accessible UI library built with <strong>React</strong>, <strong>TypeScript</strong>, and <strong>Tailwind CSS</strong>. Featuring 30 core components, 6 marketing components, and 4 predefined themes with full dark mode support.
        </span>
      </div>
      
      {/* Glassy CTA row */}
      <div className="flex flex-wrap gap-4 mb-6">
        <Link
          href="/getting-started"
          onClick={() => track('cta_get_started', { placement: 'hero' })}
          className="group inline-flex items-center px-6 py-3.5 bg-primary text-primary-foreground rounded-xl font-semibold hover:bg-primary/90 transition-all shadow-lg hover:shadow-xl hover:scale-105"
        >
          <span className="mr-2">Get Started</span>
          <svg className="w-5 h-5 group-hover:translate-x-1 transition-transform" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" viewBox="0 0 24 24">
            <path strokeLinecap="round" strokeLinejoin="round" strokeWidth={2} d="M13 7l5 5m0 0l-5 5m5-5H6" />
          </svg>
        </Link>
        <a
          href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/"
          target="_blank"
          rel="noopener noreferrer"
          onClick={() => track('cta_storybook', { placement: 'hero' })}
          className="group inline-flex items-center px-6 py-3.5 bg-background/80 backdrop-blur-sm text-foreground rounded-xl font-semibold border-2 border-border hover:border-primary/50 transition-all shadow-md hover:shadow-lg"
        >
          <svg className="mr-2 w-5 h-5" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" viewBox="0 0 24 24">
            <path strokeLinecap="round" strokeLinejoin="round" strokeWidth={2} d="M10 20l4-16m4 4l4 4-4 4M6 16l-4-4 4-4" />
          </svg>
          <span>Open Storybook</span>
        </a>
      </div>
      
      {/* Secondary pill */}
      <div className="flex items-center gap-2 text-sm text-muted-foreground">
        <span className="inline-flex items-center px-3 py-1 rounded-full bg-muted/50 border border-border">
          <span className="w-2 h-2 bg-success rounded-full mr-2 animate-pulse"></span>
          <span>Production Ready</span>
        </span>
        <span className="inline-flex items-center px-3 py-1 rounded-full bg-muted/50 border border-border">
          <span className="w-2 h-2 bg-primary rounded-full mr-2"></span>
          <span>WCAG 2.1 AA</span>
        </span>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

# Nostromo UI

## Quick Install

> **⚠️ Note**: Packages are currently workspace-only and not published to npm yet. For development setup, see the [Getting Started guide](/getting-started).

```bash
# npm (when published)
npm install @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw

# pnpm (when published)
pnpm add @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw

# yarn (when published)
yarn add @nostromo/ui-core @nostromo/ui-marketing @nostromo/ui-tw
```

For local development, clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/JarlLyng/nostromo-ui.git
cd nostromo-ui
pnpm install
```

<div className="mt-6 flex gap-3 text-primary font-semibold">
  <Link className="hover:text-primary/80" href="/getting-started">
    <span>Get Started →</span>
  </Link>
  <span className="text-muted-foreground">|</span>
  <a className="hover:text-primary/80" href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
    <span>View Storybook →</span>
  </a>
</div>

## Why Nostromo UI?

- **🎨 4 Predefined Themes** - Nostromo, Mother, LV-426, Sulaco with easy customization
- **♿ WCAG 2.1 AA Compliant** - Accessible out of the box
- **⚡ Zero Runtime Overhead** - CSS variables, no JavaScript theming
- **📦 Tree-shakeable** - Import only what you need
- **🎯 TypeScript First** - Full type safety and IntelliSense
- **🌙 Dark Mode** - System and manual dark mode support

## Components

<div className="my-8">
  <Link
    href="/components"
    onClick={() => track('cta_view_components', { placement: 'components_list' })}
    className="inline-flex items-center text-primary hover:text-primary/80 font-semibold"
  >
    <span>View All Components →</span>
  </Link>
</div>

### Core Components (30)

<div className="grid grid-cols-1 md:grid-cols-2 lg:grid-cols-3 gap-4 my-6">
  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Button</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Interactive buttons with loading states and variants</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/button" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-button--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Badge</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Status indicators and labels</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/badge" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-badge--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Input</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Text input fields with validation</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/input" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-input--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Card</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Container components for content</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/card" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-card--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Calendar</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Date picker with multiple selection modes</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/calendar" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-calendar--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Charts</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Data visualization components</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/charts" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-charts--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

### Marketing Components (6)

<div className="grid grid-cols-1 md:grid-cols-2 lg:grid-cols-3 gap-4 my-6">
  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Hero</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Hero sections with customizable layouts</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/hero" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-hero--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Features</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Feature showcase grids with icons</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/features" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-features--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div className="group nx-card">
    <div className="flex items-center justify-between mb-2">
      <h3 className="font-semibold text-lg">Pricing</h3>
      <span className="px-2 py-0.5 text-xs font-medium rounded-full bg-success/10 text-success border border-success/20">Stable</span>
    </div>
    <p className="text-sm text-muted-foreground mb-3">Pricing tables with yearly/monthly toggle</p>
    <div className="flex items-center gap-2 mt-3">
      <Link href="/components/pricing" className="text-xs text-primary group-hover:underline">View docs →</Link>
      <span className="text-xs text-muted-foreground">•</span>
      <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/components-pricing--default" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" className="text-xs text-muted-foreground hover:text-primary transition-colors">Storybook →</a>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

## Quick Start

1. **Install packages** (see above)
2. **Configure Tailwind** - Add Nostromo preset to `tailwind.config.js`
3. **Import CSS** - Add base styles and theme
4. **Start using components**

<Link href="/getting-started">**Complete Setup Guide →**</Link>

## Documentation

- <Link href="/api-reference">**API Reference**</Link> - Complete component API documentation
- <Link href="/theming">**Theming Guide**</Link> - Customize themes and design tokens
- <a href="https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">**Storybook**</a> - Interactive component playground
- <Link href="/faq">**FAQ**</Link> - Frequently asked questions
