docs/pages/storybook.mdx, before:

# Storybook

Explore all components interactively in our Storybook environment.

## 🚀 Live Storybook

**Access our hosted Storybook:**
- **[Live Storybook](https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/)** - Interactive component playground
- **No setup required** - Just click and explore
- **Always up-to-date** - Automatically deployed from main branch

## Local Development

To start Storybook locally for development:

```bash
npm run storybook
```

**Live Storybook:** [https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/](https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/)

For local development, run:
```bash
cd packages/ui-core
pnpm storybook
```
Storybook will run on [http://localhost:6006](http://localhost:6006)

## What is Storybook?

Storybook is a tool for building UI components and pages in isolation. It helps with:

- **Component development** - Build components in isolation
- **Documentation** - Automatically generated documentation
- **Testing** - Test components in different states
- **Design system** - Maintain consistent design

## Components in Storybook

All core components have stories in Storybook:

- **Button** - All variants and sizes
- **Input** - Different types and states
- **Dialog** - Modals and overlays
- **Card** - Layout components
- **Table** - Data tables
- **DataTable** - Advanced tables with filtering
- **Calendar** - Date picker with multiple modes
- **Charts** - Data visualization
- **Form** - Form components
- **Navigation** - Menu and navigation
- **Feedback** - Alerts, toasts, progress

**Note**: Marketing components (Hero, Features, Testimonials, etc.) are documented on the documentation site but don't have Storybook stories yet.

## Interactive Examples

In the documentation you can see live examples of components directly integrated from Storybook. These examples update automatically when you change the components.

## Tips

- **Copy code** directly from Storybook examples
- **Test different props** in Storybook controls
- **See all variants** in one place
- **Debug components** in isolation

Commit message:

docs: Fix documentation issues from review
- Add workspace-only warning to docs homepage
- Fix base.css import paths across all documentation (9 files)
- Fix README test count inconsistencies (standardize to 842)
- Fix Storybook command in documentation

Addresses all issues from REVIEW.md

docs/pages/storybook.mdx, after:

# Storybook

Explore all components interactively in our Storybook environment.

## 🚀 Live Storybook

**Access our hosted Storybook:**
- **[Live Storybook](https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/)** - Interactive component playground
- **No setup required** - Just click and explore
- **Always up-to-date** - Automatically deployed from main branch

## Local Development

To start Storybook locally for development:

```bash
# From root directory
pnpm --filter @nostromo/ui-core storybook

# Or from the ui-core package directory
cd packages/ui-core
pnpm storybook
```
Storybook will run on [http://localhost:6006](http://localhost:6006)

## What is Storybook?

Storybook is a tool for building UI components and pages in isolation. It helps with:

- **Component development** - Build components in isolation
- **Documentation** - Automatically generated documentation
- **Testing** - Test components in different states
- **Design system** - Maintain consistent design

## Components in Storybook

All core components have stories in Storybook:

- **Button** - All variants and sizes
- **Input** - Different types and states
- **Dialog** - Modals and overlays
- **Card** - Layout components
- **Table** - Data tables
- **DataTable** - Advanced tables with filtering
- **Calendar** - Date picker with multiple modes
- **Charts** - Data visualization
- **Form** - Form components
- **Navigation** - Menu and navigation
- **Feedback** - Alerts, toasts, progress

**Note**: Marketing components (Hero, Features, Testimonials, etc.) are documented on the documentation site but don't have Storybook stories yet.

## Interactive Examples

In the documentation you can see live examples of components directly integrated from Storybook. These examples update automatically when you change the components.

## Tips

- **Copy code** directly from Storybook examples
- **Test different props** in Storybook controls
- **See all variants** in one place
- **Debug components** in isolation
