docs/pages/theming.mdx, before:

# Theming & Design Tokens

Nostromo UI's theming system is built around **CSS variables in HSL format** that integrate directly with Tailwind CSS. This provides maximum flexibility and performance without runtime overhead.

## 🎨 Quick Start

### 1. Import Base CSS
```ts
// In your entry file (e.g. main.tsx)
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/styles/base.css";
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/themes/nostromo.css"; // choose or customize theme
```

### 2. Apply Theme
```html
<html data-theme="nostromo" data-color-scheme="light">
  <!-- Your content -->
</html>
```

### 3. Customize Brand Colors
```css
[data-theme="mybrand"] {
  /* Only change what you need */
  --color-brand-500: 220 100% 50%;  /* Your brand blue */
  --color-brand-600: 220 100% 40%;  /* Darker variant */
  --color-brand-700: 220 100% 30%;  /* Even darker */
}
```

## 🎯 Design Tokens

### Color System
All colors use HSL format for easy manipulation:

```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  /* Brand colors */
  --color-brand-50: 262 84% 95%;
  --color-brand-100: 262 84% 90%;
  --color-brand-200: 262 84% 80%;
  --color-brand-300: 262 84% 70%;
  --color-brand-400: 262 84% 60%;
  --color-brand-500: 262 84% 52%;  /* Primary brand */
  --color-brand-600: 262 84% 45%;
  --color-brand-700: 262 84% 35%;
  --color-brand-800: 262 84% 25%;
  --color-brand-900: 262 84% 15%;
  --color-brand-950: 262 84% 8%;

  /* Neutral colors */
  --color-neutral-50: 0 0% 98%;
  --color-neutral-100: 0 0% 96%;
  --color-neutral-200: 0 0% 90%;
  --color-neutral-300: 0 0% 83%;
  --color-neutral-400: 0 0% 64%;
  --color-neutral-500: 0 0% 45%;
  --color-neutral-600: 0 0% 32%;
  --color-neutral-700: 0 0% 25%;
  --color-neutral-800: 0 0% 15%;
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 9%;
  --color-neutral-950: 0 0% 4%;

  /* Semantic colors */
  --color-success-500: 142 76% 36%;
  --color-warning-500: 38 92% 50%;
  --color-error-500: 0 84% 60%;
  --color-info-500: 199 89% 48%;
}
```

### Spacing & Sizing
```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  /* Spacing scale */
  --spacing-xs: 0.25rem;   /* 4px */
  --spacing-sm: 0.5rem;    /* 8px */
  --spacing-md: 1rem;      /* 16px */
  --spacing-lg: 1.5rem;    /* 24px */
  --spacing-xl: 2rem;      /* 32px */
  --spacing-2xl: 3rem;     /* 48px */
  --spacing-3xl: 4rem;     /* 64px */

  /* Border radius */
  --radius-none: 0px;
  --radius-sm: 0.25rem;    /* 4px */
  --radius-md: 0.5rem;     /* 8px */
  --radius-lg: 0.75rem;    /* 12px */
  --radius-xl: 1rem;       /* 16px */
  --radius-full: 9999px;

  /* Shadows */
  --shadow-sm: 0 1px 2px 0 rgb(0 0 0 / 0.05);
  --shadow-md: 0 4px 6px -1px rgb(0 0 0 / 0.1);
  --shadow-lg: 0 10px 15px -3px rgb(0 0 0 / 0.1);
  --shadow-xl: 0 20px 25px -5px rgb(0 0 0 / 0.1);
}
```

### Typography
```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  /* Font families */
  --font-heading: "Inter", system-ui, sans-serif;
  --font-body: "Inter", system-ui, sans-serif;
  --font-mono: "JetBrains Mono", "Fira Code", monospace;

  /* Font sizes */
  --text-xs: 0.75rem;      /* 12px */
  --text-sm: 0.875rem;     /* 14px */
  --text-base: 1rem;       /* 16px */
  --text-lg: 1.125rem;     /* 18px */
  --text-xl: 1.25rem;      /* 20px */
  --text-2xl: 1.5rem;      /* 24px */
  --text-3xl: 1.875rem;    /* 30px */
  --text-4xl: 2.25rem;     /* 36px */
  --text-5xl: 3rem;        /* 48px */

  /* Line heights */
  --leading-tight: 1.25;
  --leading-normal: 1.5;
  --leading-relaxed: 1.75;

  /* Font weights */
  --font-normal: 400;
  --font-medium: 500;
  --font-semibold: 600;
  --font-bold: 700;
}
```

## 🌙 Dark Mode

### System-based Dark Mode
```css
@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
  [data-theme="nostromo"] {
    --color-neutral-50: 0 0% 9%;
    --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 98%;
  }
}
```

### Manual Dark Mode Toggle
```css
[data-theme="nostromo"][data-color-scheme="dark"] {
  --color-neutral-50: 0 0% 9%;
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 98%;
  --color-brand-500: 262 84% 60%;  /* Lighter brand for contrast */
}
```

```tsx
// React hook for dark mode
function useDarkMode() {
  const [isDark, setIsDark] = useState(false);
  
  useEffect(() => {
    const root = document.documentElement;
    root.setAttribute('data-color-scheme', isDark ? 'dark' : 'light');
  }, [isDark]);
  
  return [isDark, setIsDark];
}
```

## 🎨 Predefined Themes

### Nostromo (Default)
```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  --color-brand-500: 262 84% 52%;  /* Purple */
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 9%;    /* Dark background */
  --radius-md: 0.5rem;
  --font-heading: "Inter", sans-serif;
}
```

### Mother
```css
[data-theme="mother"] {
  --color-brand-500: 200 100% 50%;  /* Cyan */
  --color-neutral-900: 220 13% 9%;  /* Dark blue-gray */
  --radius-sm: 0.25rem;
  --font-heading: "Inter", sans-serif;
}
```

### LV-426
```css
[data-theme="lv-426"] {
  --color-brand-500: 25 95% 53%;    /* Orange */
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 8%;     /* Very dark */
  --radius-lg: 0.75rem;
  --font-heading: "Inter", sans-serif;
}
```

### Sulaco
```css
[data-theme="sulaco"] {
  --color-brand-500: 210 40% 50%;   /* Blue */
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 10%;    /* Dark */
  --radius-md: 0.5rem;
  --font-heading: "Inter", sans-serif;
}
```

## 🛠️ Custom Theming

### Create Your Own Theme
```css
[data-theme="mybrand"] {
  /* Brand colors - only change what you need */
  --color-brand-500: 220 100% 50%;  /* Your brand blue */
  --color-brand-600: 220 100% 40%;  /* Darker variant */
  --color-brand-700: 220 100% 30%;  /* Even darker */
  
  /* Typography */
  --font-heading: "Poppins", sans-serif;
  --font-body: "Inter", sans-serif;
  
  /* Styling */
  --radius-md: 0.75rem;
}
```

### Apply Theme
```html
<html data-theme="mybrand">
  <!-- Your content -->
</html>
```

### Dynamic Theme Switching
```tsx
// React example
function ThemeToggle() {
  const [theme, setTheme] = useState('nostromo');
  
  const toggleTheme = () => {
    const newTheme = theme === 'nostromo' ? 'mother' : 'nostromo';
    setTheme(newTheme);
    document.documentElement.setAttribute('data-theme', newTheme);
  };

  return (
    <button onClick={toggleTheme}>
      Switch to {theme === 'nostromo' ? 'Mother' : 'Nostromo'}
    </button>
  );
}
```

## ♿ Accessibility

### Contrast Guidelines
All colors are designed to meet WCAG 2.1 AA standards:

```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  /* Brand colors - validated contrast */
  --color-brand-500: 262 84% 52%;  /* 4.5:1 contrast on white */
  --color-brand-600: 262 84% 45%;  /* 7:1 contrast on white */
  
  /* Neutral colors - safe readability */
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 9%;    /* 21:1 contrast on white */
  --color-neutral-700: 0 0% 25%;  /* 12:1 contrast on white */
}
```

### Focus States
```css
/* Automatic focus states */
.focus-visible {
  outline: 2px solid hsl(var(--color-brand-500));
  outline-offset: 2px;
}
```

## 🚀 Performance

### Bundle Size Optimization
```tsx
// ✅ Recommended: Per-component imports (smallest bundle)
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core/button';
import { Input } from '@nostromo/ui-core/input';

// ✅ Also OK: Barrel imports
import { Button, Input } from '@nostromo/ui-core';

// ❌ Avoid: Full library import
import * as Nostromo from '@nostromo/ui-core';
```

### Tailwind Configuration
```js
// tailwind.config.js
const nostromoPreset = require("@nostromo/ui-tw/tailwind.preset.js");

module.exports = {
  content: [
    "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}",
    "./node_modules/@nostromo/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}"
  ],
  presets: [nostromoPreset],
  // Purge unused CSS
  purge: {
    enabled: true,
    content: ['./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}'],
  }
};
```

## 📚 Form Integration

### React Hook Form + Zod
```tsx
import { useForm } from 'react-hook-form';
import { zodResolver } from '@hookform/resolvers/zod';
import { z } from 'zod';
import { Input, HelperText, ErrorMessage } from '@nostromo/ui-core';

const schema = z.object({
  email: z.string().email('Invalid email'),
  password: z.string().min(8, 'Password must be at least 8 characters'),
});

function LoginForm() {
  const { register, handleSubmit, formState: { errors } } = useForm({
    resolver: zodResolver(schema)
  });

  return (
    <form onSubmit={handleSubmit(onSubmit)} className="space-y-4">
      <div>
        <Input
          {...register('email')}
          placeholder="Email"
          className={errors.email ? 'border-error-500' : ''}
        />
        {errors.email && (
          <ErrorMessage>{errors.email.message}</ErrorMessage>
        )}
      </div>
      
      <div>
        <Input
          {...register('password')}
          type="password"
          placeholder="Password"
          className={errors.password ? 'border-error-500' : ''}
        />
        {errors.password && (
          <ErrorMessage>{errors.password.message}</ErrorMessage>
        )}
        <HelperText>Password must be at least 8 characters</HelperText>
      </div>
    </form>
  );
}
```

## 🎯 Live Examples

### Theme Playground
```tsx
// Live theme switcher - try different themes
function ThemePlayground() {
  const themes = ['nostromo', 'mother', 'lv-426', 'sulaco'];
  const [currentTheme, setCurrentTheme] = useState('nostromo');
  
  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <select 
        value={currentTheme} 
        onChange={(e) => setCurrentTheme(e.target.value)}
        className="px-3 py-2 border rounded-md"
      >
        {themes.map(theme => (
          <option key={theme} value={theme}>{theme}</option>
        ))}
      </select>
      
      <div data-theme={currentTheme} className="p-4 border rounded-lg">
        <Button>Test Button</Button>
        <Input placeholder="Test Input" />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
```

This theming system gives you maximum flexibility to create consistent, performant, and beautiful user interfaces.

Commit message:

docs: comprehensive documentation improvements based on review
- Add Import/Usage blocks to all 33 component pages
- Complete props tables with Required column for all components
- Add standard HTML props documentation
- Improve homepage with installation block and clickable component links
- Update Getting Started with peer dependencies and project setup examples
- Enhance FAQ with license, browser support, SSR/CSR, and common issues
- Fix Storybook links to point to hosted version
- Add Best Practices sections (Do/Don't) to key components
- Improve theming page with live preview link
- Update all component documentation with TypeScript interface definitions
- Simplify and consolidate documentation structure

docs/pages/theming.mdx, after:

# Theming & Design Tokens

Nostromo UI's theming system is built around **CSS variables in HSL format** that integrate directly with Tailwind CSS. This provides maximum flexibility and performance without runtime overhead.

> **💡 Live Examples**: See all themes in action in [Storybook](https://jarllyng.github.io/nostromo-ui/storybook-static/?path=/story/theming--all-themes)

## 🎨 Quick Start

### 1. Import Base CSS
```ts
// In your entry file (e.g. main.tsx)
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/styles/base.css";
import "@nostromo/ui-tw/themes/nostromo.css"; // choose or customize theme
```

### 2. Apply Theme
```html
<html data-theme="nostromo" data-color-scheme="light">
  <!-- Your content -->
</html>
```

### 3. Customize Brand Colors
```css
[data-theme="mybrand"] {
  /* Only change what you need */
  --color-brand-500: 220 100% 50%;  /* Your brand blue */
  --color-brand-600: 220 100% 40%;  /* Darker variant */
  --color-brand-700: 220 100% 30%;  /* Even darker */
}
```

## 🎯 Design Tokens

### Color System
All colors use HSL format for easy manipulation:

```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  /* Brand colors */
  --color-brand-50: 262 84% 95%;
  --color-brand-100: 262 84% 90%;
  --color-brand-200: 262 84% 80%;
  --color-brand-300: 262 84% 70%;
  --color-brand-400: 262 84% 60%;
  --color-brand-500: 262 84% 52%;  /* Primary brand */
  --color-brand-600: 262 84% 45%;
  --color-brand-700: 262 84% 35%;
  --color-brand-800: 262 84% 25%;
  --color-brand-900: 262 84% 15%;
  --color-brand-950: 262 84% 8%;

  /* Neutral colors */
  --color-neutral-50: 0 0% 98%;
  --color-neutral-100: 0 0% 96%;
  --color-neutral-200: 0 0% 90%;
  --color-neutral-300: 0 0% 83%;
  --color-neutral-400: 0 0% 64%;
  --color-neutral-500: 0 0% 45%;
  --color-neutral-600: 0 0% 32%;
  --color-neutral-700: 0 0% 25%;
  --color-neutral-800: 0 0% 15%;
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 9%;
  --color-neutral-950: 0 0% 4%;

  /* Semantic colors */
  --color-success-500: 142 76% 36%;
  --color-warning-500: 38 92% 50%;
  --color-error-500: 0 84% 60%;
  --color-info-500: 199 89% 48%;
}
```

### Spacing & Sizing
```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  /* Spacing scale */
  --spacing-xs: 0.25rem;   /* 4px */
  --spacing-sm: 0.5rem;    /* 8px */
  --spacing-md: 1rem;      /* 16px */
  --spacing-lg: 1.5rem;    /* 24px */
  --spacing-xl: 2rem;      /* 32px */
  --spacing-2xl: 3rem;     /* 48px */
  --spacing-3xl: 4rem;     /* 64px */

  /* Border radius */
  --radius-none: 0px;
  --radius-sm: 0.25rem;    /* 4px */
  --radius-md: 0.5rem;     /* 8px */
  --radius-lg: 0.75rem;    /* 12px */
  --radius-xl: 1rem;       /* 16px */
  --radius-full: 9999px;

  /* Shadows */
  --shadow-sm: 0 1px 2px 0 rgb(0 0 0 / 0.05);
  --shadow-md: 0 4px 6px -1px rgb(0 0 0 / 0.1);
  --shadow-lg: 0 10px 15px -3px rgb(0 0 0 / 0.1);
  --shadow-xl: 0 20px 25px -5px rgb(0 0 0 / 0.1);
}
```

### Typography
```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  /* Font families */
  --font-heading: "Inter", system-ui, sans-serif;
  --font-body: "Inter", system-ui, sans-serif;
  --font-mono: "JetBrains Mono", "Fira Code", monospace;

  /* Font sizes */
  --text-xs: 0.75rem;      /* 12px */
  --text-sm: 0.875rem;     /* 14px */
  --text-base: 1rem;       /* 16px */
  --text-lg: 1.125rem;     /* 18px */
  --text-xl: 1.25rem;      /* 20px */
  --text-2xl: 1.5rem;      /* 24px */
  --text-3xl: 1.875rem;    /* 30px */
  --text-4xl: 2.25rem;     /* 36px */
  --text-5xl: 3rem;        /* 48px */

  /* Line heights */
  --leading-tight: 1.25;
  --leading-normal: 1.5;
  --leading-relaxed: 1.75;

  /* Font weights */
  --font-normal: 400;
  --font-medium: 500;
  --font-semibold: 600;
  --font-bold: 700;
}
```

## 🌙 Dark Mode

### System-based Dark Mode
```css
@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
  [data-theme="nostromo"] {
    --color-neutral-50: 0 0% 9%;
    --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 98%;
  }
}
```

### Manual Dark Mode Toggle
```css
[data-theme="nostromo"][data-color-scheme="dark"] {
  --color-neutral-50: 0 0% 9%;
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 98%;
  --color-brand-500: 262 84% 60%;  /* Lighter brand for contrast */
}
```

```tsx
// React hook for dark mode
function useDarkMode() {
  const [isDark, setIsDark] = useState(false);
  
  useEffect(() => {
    const root = document.documentElement;
    root.setAttribute('data-color-scheme', isDark ? 'dark' : 'light');
  }, [isDark]);
  
  return [isDark, setIsDark];
}
```

## 🎨 Predefined Themes

### Nostromo (Default)
```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  --color-brand-500: 262 84% 52%;  /* Purple */
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 9%;    /* Dark background */
  --radius-md: 0.5rem;
  --font-heading: "Inter", sans-serif;
}
```

### Mother
```css
[data-theme="mother"] {
  --color-brand-500: 200 100% 50%;  /* Cyan */
  --color-neutral-900: 220 13% 9%;  /* Dark blue-gray */
  --radius-sm: 0.25rem;
  --font-heading: "Inter", sans-serif;
}
```

### LV-426
```css
[data-theme="lv-426"] {
  --color-brand-500: 25 95% 53%;    /* Orange */
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 8%;     /* Very dark */
  --radius-lg: 0.75rem;
  --font-heading: "Inter", sans-serif;
}
```

### Sulaco
```css
[data-theme="sulaco"] {
  --color-brand-500: 210 40% 50%;   /* Blue */
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 10%;    /* Dark */
  --radius-md: 0.5rem;
  --font-heading: "Inter", sans-serif;
}
```

## 🛠️ Custom Theming

### Create Your Own Theme
```css
[data-theme="mybrand"] {
  /* Brand colors - only change what you need */
  --color-brand-500: 220 100% 50%;  /* Your brand blue */
  --color-brand-600: 220 100% 40%;  /* Darker variant */
  --color-brand-700: 220 100% 30%;  /* Even darker */
  
  /* Typography */
  --font-heading: "Poppins", sans-serif;
  --font-body: "Inter", sans-serif;
  
  /* Styling */
  --radius-md: 0.75rem;
}
```

### Apply Theme
```html
<html data-theme="mybrand">
  <!-- Your content -->
</html>
```

### Dynamic Theme Switching
```tsx
// React example
function ThemeToggle() {
  const [theme, setTheme] = useState('nostromo');
  
  const toggleTheme = () => {
    const newTheme = theme === 'nostromo' ? 'mother' : 'nostromo';
    setTheme(newTheme);
    document.documentElement.setAttribute('data-theme', newTheme);
  };

  return (
    <button onClick={toggleTheme}>
      Switch to {theme === 'nostromo' ? 'Mother' : 'Nostromo'}
    </button>
  );
}
```

## ♿ Accessibility

### Contrast Guidelines
All colors are designed to meet WCAG 2.1 AA standards:

```css
[data-theme="nostromo"] {
  /* Brand colors - validated contrast */
  --color-brand-500: 262 84% 52%;  /* 4.5:1 contrast on white */
  --color-brand-600: 262 84% 45%;  /* 7:1 contrast on white */
  
  /* Neutral colors - safe readability */
  --color-neutral-900: 0 0% 9%;    /* 21:1 contrast on white */
  --color-neutral-700: 0 0% 25%;  /* 12:1 contrast on white */
}
```

### Focus States
```css
/* Automatic focus states */
.focus-visible {
  outline: 2px solid hsl(var(--color-brand-500));
  outline-offset: 2px;
}
```

## 🚀 Performance

### Bundle Size Optimization
```tsx
// ✅ Recommended: Per-component imports (smallest bundle)
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core/button';
import { Input } from '@nostromo/ui-core/input';

// ✅ Also OK: Barrel imports
import { Button, Input } from '@nostromo/ui-core';

// ❌ Avoid: Full library import
import * as Nostromo from '@nostromo/ui-core';
```

### Tailwind Configuration
```js
// tailwind.config.js
const nostromoPreset = require("@nostromo/ui-tw/tailwind.preset.js");

module.exports = {
  content: [
    "./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx,mdx}",
    "./node_modules/@nostromo/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}"
  ],
  presets: [nostromoPreset],
  // Purge unused CSS
  purge: {
    enabled: true,
    content: ['./src/**/*.{js,ts,jsx,tsx}'],
  }
};
```

## 📚 Form Integration

### React Hook Form + Zod
```tsx
import { useForm } from 'react-hook-form';
import { zodResolver } from '@hookform/resolvers/zod';
import { z } from 'zod';
import { Input, HelperText, ErrorMessage } from '@nostromo/ui-core';

const schema = z.object({
  email: z.string().email('Invalid email'),
  password: z.string().min(8, 'Password must be at least 8 characters'),
});

function LoginForm() {
  const { register, handleSubmit, formState: { errors } } = useForm({
    resolver: zodResolver(schema)
  });

  return (
    <form onSubmit={handleSubmit(onSubmit)} className="space-y-4">
      <div>
        <Input
          {...register('email')}
          placeholder="Email"
          className={errors.email ? 'border-error-500' : ''}
        />
        {errors.email && (
          <ErrorMessage>{errors.email.message}</ErrorMessage>
        )}
      </div>
      
      <div>
        <Input
          {...register('password')}
          type="password"
          placeholder="Password"
          className={errors.password ? 'border-error-500' : ''}
        />
        {errors.password && (
          <ErrorMessage>{errors.password.message}</ErrorMessage>
        )}
        <HelperText>Password must be at least 8 characters</HelperText>
      </div>
    </form>
  );
}
```

## 🎯 Live Examples

### Theme Playground
```tsx
// Live theme switcher - try different themes
function ThemePlayground() {
  const themes = ['nostromo', 'mother', 'lv-426', 'sulaco'];
  const [currentTheme, setCurrentTheme] = useState('nostromo');
  
  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <select 
        value={currentTheme} 
        onChange={(e) => setCurrentTheme(e.target.value)}
        className="px-3 py-2 border rounded-md"
      >
        {themes.map(theme => (
          <option key={theme} value={theme}>{theme}</option>
        ))}
      </select>
      
      <div data-theme={currentTheme} className="p-4 border rounded-lg">
        <Button>Test Button</Button>
        <Input placeholder="Test Input" />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
```

This theming system gives you maximum flexibility to create consistent, performant, and beautiful user interfaces.
