improvements-advanced.md, before:

# Advanced Project Analysis & Recommendations

Following the initial review, I have performed a deeper analysis of the codebase, specifically focusing on component architecture, CI/CD workflows, and long-term maintainability.

## 🔴 Critical / High Priority

### 1. Fragile Documentation Deployment Strategy
In `.github/workflows/deploy.yml`, there are manual `sed` commands used to patch paths in the built HTML files:

```yaml
sed -i "s|src=\"/vite-inject-mocker-entry.js\"|src=\"${BASE_PATH}/storybook-static/vite-inject-mocker-entry.js\"|g" ...
```

**Risk**: This is extremely fragile. If the upstream Storybook or Vite builder changes its output format or file naming (which happens often), your deployment mechanism will silently fail or break the UI.

**Recommendation**:
- **Fix correctly**: Configure the `base` path in `vite.config.ts` (for Storybook's vite final config) or use `storybook build --docs` options correctly to handle subpaths. Overriding paths post-build with regex is a "code smell" and technical debt.

**Status**: ✅ **FIXED** - Configured Storybook base path properly in `.storybook/main.ts` using `base` option and `viteFinal` config. Set `STORYBOOK_BASE_PATH` environment variable in CI/CD workflow. Removed fragile `sed` commands from deploy workflow. Storybook now builds with correct base path from the start.

### 2. Custom Date Logic in `Calendar.tsx`
The `Calendar` component implements its own date manipulation logic (`getDaysInMonth`, `getFirstDayOfMonth`, manual keyboard navigation).

**Risk**: Date logic is notoriously difficult to get right (leap years, timezone edge cases, localization quirks). Maintaining a custom calendar implementation is a high burden.
**Recommendation**:
- **Adopt `react-day-picker`**: This is the industry standard (and what `shadcn/ui` uses under the hood). It handles all accessibility (ARIA grids, keyboard nav) and date logic perfectly.
- **Or use `date-fns`**: If you keep the custom UI, at least replace the manual date math helper functions with `date-fns` to ensure correctness and localization support.

**Status**: ✅ **FIXED** - Replaced custom date manipulation functions with `date-fns` library. All helper functions (`getDaysInMonth`, `getFirstDayOfMonth`, `isSameDay`, `isDateInRange`, `isDateDisabled`, `formatDate`) now use `date-fns` functions for robust date handling. This ensures correct handling of leap years, timezones, and edge cases. All Calendar tests pass. Custom UI is maintained while using battle-tested date logic.

## 🟡 Medium Priority

### 3. `DataTable` Scalability (Server-Side Support)
The current `DataTable.tsx` is designed primarily for **client-side** usage. It takes `data: T[]` and handles sorting/pagination internally with state (`useState`).

**Limitation**: As the application grows, you will likely need server-side pagination/sorting for large datasets.
**Recommendation**:
- Refactor `DataTable` to support a "Controlled Mode".
- Allow `pagination`, `sorting`, and `filtering` states to be lifted up (passed as props) so they can be managed by a parent component (e.g., connected to React Query or a URL search params hook).

### 4. CI/CD Optimization
The `ci.yml` `lint-and-test` job runs everything sequentially in a single job.

**Observation**: As the monorepo grows, this will become a bottleneck.
**Recommendation**:
- **Parallelize**: Split `lint`, `type-check`, and `test` into separate jobs in the GitHub Workflow. Since you use `pnpm` and `turbo`, they can run safely in parallel.
- **Artifacts**: Current workflow uploads log files as artifacts on failure. Consider integrating a proper test reporter (like `vitest-github-action`) for inline PR annotations.

## 🟢 Architecture Observations (Good)

- **Strict Types**: The usage of Generics in `DataTable` (`<T>`) is excellent.
- **Memoization**: Aggressive use of `React.memo` and `useMemo` in heavy components is good practice, provided proper profiling confirms it's needed (premature optimization can sometimes hurt, but here it seems warranted for a generic Table).

## 🚀 Summary of Next Steps

1.  **Refactor custom date logic** (High Risk).
2.  **Fix Storybook base path configuration** to remove `sed` hacks (High Maintenance).
3.  **Plan `DataTable` v2** for server-side data support.

Commit message:

feat: add controlled mode to DataTable and parallelize CI/CD
- Add controlled mode support to DataTable for server-side pagination/sorting/filtering
- Support controlled searchTerm, columnFilters, sortColumn, sortDirection, pagination
- Add totalItems prop for server-side pagination
- Refactor CI workflow to run lint, type-check, and test in parallel
- Build job now depends on all checks passing
- Each job has separate error log artifacts
- Significantly reduces CI feedback time

Enables server-side data handling and improves CI/CD performance.

improvements-advanced.md, after:

# Advanced Project Analysis & Recommendations

Following the initial review, I have performed a deeper analysis of the codebase, specifically focusing on component architecture, CI/CD workflows, and long-term maintainability.

## 🔴 Critical / High Priority

### 1. Fragile Documentation Deployment Strategy
In `.github/workflows/deploy.yml`, there are manual `sed` commands used to patch paths in the built HTML files:

```yaml
sed -i "s|src=\"/vite-inject-mocker-entry.js\"|src=\"${BASE_PATH}/storybook-static/vite-inject-mocker-entry.js\"|g" ...
```

**Risk**: This is extremely fragile. If the upstream Storybook or Vite builder changes its output format or file naming (which happens often), your deployment mechanism will silently fail or break the UI.

**Recommendation**:
- **Fix correctly**: Configure the `base` path in `vite.config.ts` (for Storybook's vite final config) or use `storybook build --docs` options correctly to handle subpaths. Overriding paths post-build with regex is a "code smell" and technical debt.

**Status**: ✅ **FIXED** - Configured Storybook base path properly in `.storybook/main.ts` using `base` option and `viteFinal` config. Set `STORYBOOK_BASE_PATH` environment variable in CI/CD workflow. Removed fragile `sed` commands from deploy workflow. Storybook now builds with correct base path from the start.

### 2. Custom Date Logic in `Calendar.tsx`
The `Calendar` component implements its own date manipulation logic (`getDaysInMonth`, `getFirstDayOfMonth`, manual keyboard navigation).

**Risk**: Date logic is notoriously difficult to get right (leap years, timezone edge cases, localization quirks). Maintaining a custom calendar implementation is a high burden.
**Recommendation**:
- **Adopt `react-day-picker`**: This is the industry standard (and what `shadcn/ui` uses under the hood). It handles all accessibility (ARIA grids, keyboard nav) and date logic perfectly.
- **Or use `date-fns`**: If you keep the custom UI, at least replace the manual date math helper functions with `date-fns` to ensure correctness and localization support.

**Status**: ✅ **FIXED** - Replaced custom date manipulation functions with `date-fns` library. All helper functions (`getDaysInMonth`, `getFirstDayOfMonth`, `isSameDay`, `isDateInRange`, `isDateDisabled`, `formatDate`) now use `date-fns` functions for robust date handling. This ensures correct handling of leap years, timezones, and edge cases. All Calendar tests pass. Custom UI is maintained while using battle-tested date logic.

## 🟡 Medium Priority

### 3. `DataTable` Scalability (Server-Side Support)
The current `DataTable.tsx` is designed primarily for **client-side** usage. It takes `data: T[]` and handles sorting/pagination internally with state (`useState`).

**Limitation**: As the application grows, you will likely need server-side pagination/sorting for large datasets.
**Recommendation**:
- Refactor `DataTable` to support a "Controlled Mode".
- Allow `pagination`, `sorting`, and `filtering` states to be lifted up (passed as props) so they can be managed by a parent component (e.g., connected to React Query or a URL search params hook).

**Status**: ✅ **FIXED** - Added controlled mode support to DataTable. Component now supports both controlled and uncontrolled modes for:
- **Search**: `searchTerm` and `onSearchTermChange` props for controlled search
- **Filters**: `columnFilters` and `onColumnFiltersChange` props for controlled filtering
- **Sorting**: `sortColumn`, `sortDirection`, and `onSortChange` props for controlled sorting
- **Pagination**: `currentPage`, `pageSize`, `onPageChange`, `onPageSizeChange`, and `totalItems` props for controlled pagination
- When `totalItems` is provided, component assumes server-side pagination and uses provided data directly
- All existing functionality remains backward compatible (uncontrolled mode still works)

### 4. CI/CD Optimization
The `ci.yml` `lint-and-test` job runs everything sequentially in a single job.

**Observation**: As the monorepo grows, this will become a bottleneck.
**Recommendation**:
- **Parallelize**: Split `lint`, `type-check`, and `test` into separate jobs in the GitHub Workflow. Since you use `pnpm` and `turbo`, they can run safely in parallel.
- **Artifacts**: Current workflow uploads log files as artifacts on failure. Consider integrating a proper test reporter (like `vitest-github-action`) for inline PR annotations.

**Status**: ✅ **FIXED** - Refactored CI workflow to run jobs in parallel:
- **Setup job**: Shared dependency installation (can be cached)
- **Lint job**: Runs independently in parallel
- **Type-check job**: Runs independently in parallel
- **Test job**: Runs independently in parallel
- **Build job**: Runs after lint, type-check, and test pass (depends on all)
- Each job has its own error log artifacts for better debugging
- Significantly reduces CI feedback time by parallelizing checks

## 🟢 Architecture Observations (Good)

- **Strict Types**: The usage of Generics in `DataTable` (`<T>`) is excellent.
- **Memoization**: Aggressive use of `React.memo` and `useMemo` in heavy components is good practice, provided proper profiling confirms it's needed (premature optimization can sometimes hurt, but here it seems warranted for a generic Table).

## 🚀 Summary of Next Steps

1.  **Refactor custom date logic** (High Risk).
2.  **Fix Storybook base path configuration** to remove `sed` hacks (High Maintenance).
3.  **Plan `DataTable` v2** for server-side data support.
