SECURITY.md, before:

# Security Policy

## 🛡️ Supported Versions

We provide security updates for the following versions:

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 1.x.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.3.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.2.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.1.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| < 0.1   | :x:                |

## 🚨 Reporting a Vulnerability

We take security issues seriously. If you discover a security vulnerability, please report it responsibly.

### How to Report

1. **DO NOT** create a public GitHub issue
2. Send an email to: security@nostromo-ui.dev
3. Include the following information:
   - Description of the vulnerability
   - Steps to reproduce
   - Potential impact
   - Suggested fix (if relevant)

### What to Expect

- **Response Time**: We respond within 48 hours
- **Acknowledgment**: Confirmation of receipt
- **Timeline**: We work on a fix and coordinate release
- **Credit**: We credit you in security advisory (if desired)

### Responsible Disclosure

We follow responsible disclosure principles:
1. **Private Report**: Initial report is private
2. **Investigation**: We investigate and confirm the issue
3. **Fix Development**: We develop a fix
4. **Coordinated Release**: We coordinate release with you
5. **Public Disclosure**: We disclose publicly after fix is available

## 🔒 Security Considerations

### Component Security

#### Input Validation
- All input components validate data
- XSS protection via proper escaping
- CSRF tokens where relevant

#### Accessibility Security
- ARIA attributes are validated
- Keyboard navigation is secure
- Screen reader compatibility

### Build Security

#### Dependencies
- Regular security audits
- Automated dependency updates
- Vulnerability scanning in CI/CD

#### Bundle Security
- Tree shaking for minimal attack surface
- No eval() or dynamic code execution
- Content Security Policy compliance

### Runtime Security

#### SSR Safety
- No client-side secrets
- Proper hydration without mismatches
- Server-side rendering security

#### Theme Security
- CSS variable validation
- No arbitrary code execution
- Safe theme switching

## 🛠️ Security Best Practices

### For Developers

#### Code Review
- Security-focused code reviews
- Static analysis tools
- Dependency vulnerability checks

#### Testing
- Security testing in CI/CD
- Penetration testing for critical components
- Regular security audits

### For Users

#### Installation
```bash
# Always use specific versions
npm install @nostromo/ui-core@1.0.0

# Verify package integrity
npm audit
```

#### Usage
```tsx
// Sanitize user input
const sanitizedInput = DOMPurify.sanitize(userInput);

// Use proper event handlers
<Button onClick={(e) => handleClick(e)}>
  Safe Button
</Button>
```

## 🔍 Security Audit

### Regular Audits
- **Monthly**: Dependency vulnerability scans
- **Quarterly**: Security code reviews
- **Annually**: Third-party security audit

### Tools Used
- **npm audit**: Dependency vulnerabilities
- **Snyk**: Security scanning
- **ESLint security**: Code analysis
- **OWASP ZAP**: Web application testing

## 📋 Security Checklist

### Before Release
- [ ] All dependencies updated
- [ ] Security audit passed
- [ ] No hardcoded secrets
- [ ] Input validation implemented
- [ ] XSS protection enabled
- [ ] CSRF protection where needed
- [ ] Accessibility security verified

### For Contributors
- [ ] No sensitive data in code
- [ ] Proper error handling
- [ ] Input sanitization
- [ ] Secure coding practices
- [ ] Security tests included

## 🚨 Incident Response

### Security Incident Process
1. **Detection**: Identify security issue
2. **Assessment**: Evaluate severity and impact
3. **Containment**: Prevent further damage
4. **Eradication**: Remove threat
5. **Recovery**: Restore normal operations
6. **Lessons Learned**: Improve security

### Communication
- **Internal**: Immediate team notification
- **Users**: Security advisory via GitHub
- **Public**: Coordinated disclosure

## 📞 Contact

### Security Team
- **Email**: security@nostromo-ui.dev
- **Response Time**: 48 hours
- **Availability**: 24/7 for critical issues

### General Security Questions
- **GitHub Discussions**: Use "security" label
- **Documentation**: Check security guides
- **Community**: Ask in Discord (coming soon)

## 🔗 Resources

### Security Documentation
- [OWASP Top 10](https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/)
- [React Security](https://reactjs.org/docs/security.html)
- [Tailwind CSS Security](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/content-configuration#safelisting-classes)

### Tools
- [npm audit](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-audit)
- [Snyk](https://snyk.io/)
- [ESLint Security](https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-security)

---

**Security is part of our DNA** 🛡️

We take security seriously and continuously work to improve our security standards. If you have questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us.

Commit message:

docs: fix all documentation issues and cleanup

SECURITY.md, after:

# Security Policy

## 🛡️ Supported Versions

We provide security updates for the following versions:

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 1.x.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.3.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.2.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.1.x   | :white_check_mark: |
| < 0.1   | :x:                |

## 🚨 Reporting a Vulnerability

We take security issues seriously. If you discover a security vulnerability, please report it responsibly.

### How to Report

1. **DO NOT** create a public GitHub issue
2. Create a GitHub issue with the "security" label
3. Include the following information:
   - Description of the vulnerability
   - Steps to reproduce
   - Potential impact
   - Suggested fix (if relevant)

### What to Expect

- **Response Time**: We respond within 48 hours
- **Acknowledgment**: Confirmation of receipt
- **Timeline**: We work on a fix and coordinate release
- **Credit**: We credit you in security advisory (if desired)

### Responsible Disclosure

We follow responsible disclosure principles:
1. **Private Report**: Initial report is private
2. **Investigation**: We investigate and confirm the issue
3. **Fix Development**: We develop a fix
4. **Coordinated Release**: We coordinate release with you
5. **Public Disclosure**: We disclose publicly after fix is available

## 🔒 Security Considerations

### Component Security

#### Input Validation
- All input components validate data
- XSS protection via proper escaping
- CSRF tokens where relevant

#### Accessibility Security
- ARIA attributes are validated
- Keyboard navigation is secure
- Screen reader compatibility

### Build Security

#### Dependencies
- Regular security audits
- Automated dependency updates
- Vulnerability scanning in CI/CD

#### Bundle Security
- Tree shaking for minimal attack surface
- No eval() or dynamic code execution
- Content Security Policy compliance

### Runtime Security

#### SSR Safety
- No client-side secrets
- Proper hydration without mismatches
- Server-side rendering security

#### Theme Security
- CSS variable validation
- No arbitrary code execution
- Safe theme switching

## 🛠️ Security Best Practices

### For Developers

#### Code Review
- Security-focused code reviews
- Static analysis tools
- Dependency vulnerability checks

#### Testing
- Security testing in CI/CD
- Penetration testing for critical components
- Regular security audits

### For Users

#### Installation
```bash
# Always use specific versions
npm install @nostromo/ui-core@1.0.0

# Verify package integrity
npm audit
```

#### Usage
```tsx
// Sanitize user input
const sanitizedInput = DOMPurify.sanitize(userInput);

// Use proper event handlers
<Button onClick={(e) => handleClick(e)}>
  Safe Button
</Button>
```

## 🔍 Security Audit

### Regular Audits
- **Monthly**: Dependency vulnerability scans
- **Quarterly**: Security code reviews
- **Annually**: Third-party security audit

### Tools Used
- **npm audit**: Dependency vulnerabilities
- **Snyk**: Security scanning
- **ESLint security**: Code analysis
- **OWASP ZAP**: Web application testing

## 📋 Security Checklist

### Before Release
- [ ] All dependencies updated
- [ ] Security audit passed
- [ ] No hardcoded secrets
- [ ] Input validation implemented
- [ ] XSS protection enabled
- [ ] CSRF protection where needed
- [ ] Accessibility security verified

### For Contributors
- [ ] No sensitive data in code
- [ ] Proper error handling
- [ ] Input sanitization
- [ ] Secure coding practices
- [ ] Security tests included

## 🚨 Incident Response

### Security Incident Process
1. **Detection**: Identify security issue
2. **Assessment**: Evaluate severity and impact
3. **Containment**: Prevent further damage
4. **Eradication**: Remove threat
5. **Recovery**: Restore normal operations
6. **Lessons Learned**: Improve security

### Communication
- **Internal**: Immediate team notification
- **Users**: Security advisory via GitHub
- **Public**: Coordinated disclosure

## 📞 Contact

### Security Team
- **GitHub Issues**: Use "security" label for security-related reports
- **Response Time**: 48 hours
- **Availability**: 24/7 for critical issues

### General Security Questions
- **GitHub Discussions**: Use "security" label
- **Documentation**: Check security guides
- **Community**: Ask in Discord (coming soon)

## 🔗 Resources

### Security Documentation
- [OWASP Top 10](https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/)
- [React Security](https://reactjs.org/docs/security.html)
- [Tailwind CSS Security](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/content-configuration#safelisting-classes)

### Tools
- [npm audit](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-audit)
- [Snyk](https://snyk.io/)
- [ESLint Security](https://github.com/eslint-community/eslint-plugin-security)

---

**Security is part of our DNA** 🛡️

We take security seriously and continuously work to improve our security standards. If you have questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us.
