packages/docs-advanced/ACCESSIBILITY_GUIDE.md, before:

# Nostromo UI Documentation Accessibility Guide

## ♿ Accessibility Overview

The Nostromo UI documentation site is designed to be fully accessible to all users, including those with disabilities. This guide covers the accessibility features and how to use them.

## 🎯 Accessibility Features

### **1. Keyboard Navigation**
- **Tab navigation** through all interactive elements
- **Arrow key navigation** for menus and lists
- **Enter/Space activation** for buttons and links
- **Escape key** to close modals and menus
- **Skip links** for quick navigation

### **2. Screen Reader Support**
- **ARIA labels** and descriptions for all elements
- **Live regions** for dynamic content announcements
- **Semantic HTML** structure with proper headings
- **Screen reader only** content for context
- **Focus management** for better navigation

### **3. Visual Accessibility**
- **High contrast mode** support
- **Color contrast** compliance (WCAG AA)
- **Reduced motion** support for animations
- **Focus indicators** for keyboard navigation
- **Text scaling** support up to 200%

### **4. Motor Accessibility**
- **Large touch targets** (minimum 44px)
- **Touch-friendly** interface design
- **Gesture alternatives** for touch actions
- **Voice control** compatibility
- **Switch navigation** support

## ⌨️ Keyboard Shortcuts

### **Navigation Shortcuts:**
- **Alt + 1** - Skip to main content
- **Alt + 2** - Skip to navigation
- **Alt + 3** - Skip to search
- **Tab** - Navigate forward
- **Shift + Tab** - Navigate backward
- **Enter/Space** - Activate element
- **Escape** - Close modals/menus
- **Arrow Keys** - Navigate menus/lists

### **Search Shortcuts:**
- **Ctrl/Cmd + K** - Focus search input
- **Escape** - Close search results
- **Arrow Down** - Next search result
- **Arrow Up** - Previous search result
- **Enter** - Select search result

### **Menu Shortcuts:**
- **Escape** - Close mobile menu
- **Tab** - Navigate menu items
- **Enter** - Activate menu item
- **Arrow Keys** - Navigate menu options

## 🎨 Visual Accessibility

### **Color Contrast:**
- **Normal text**: 4.5:1 contrast ratio
- **Large text**: 3:1 contrast ratio
- **UI components**: 3:1 contrast ratio
- **Focus indicators**: 3:1 contrast ratio

### **High Contrast Mode:**
```css
@media (prefers-contrast: high) {
  :root {
    --color-primary: #0000ff;
    --color-secondary: #000000;
    --text-primary: #000000;
    --bg-primary: #ffffff;
  }
}
```

### **Reduced Motion:**
```css
@media (prefers-reduced-motion: reduce) {
  * {
    animation-duration: 0.01ms !important;
    transition-duration: 0.01ms !important;
  }
}
```

## 🔍 Screen Reader Support

### **ARIA Labels:**
```html
<!-- Form inputs -->
<input type="text" aria-label="Search components" placeholder="Search...">

<!-- Buttons -->
<button aria-label="Close menu">×</button>

<!-- Navigation -->
<nav aria-label="Main navigation">
  <ul>
    <li><a href="/components" aria-current="page">Components</a></li>
  </ul>
</nav>
```

### **Live Regions:**
```html
<!-- Status announcements -->
<div aria-live="polite" aria-atomic="true" class="sr-only">
  <!-- Dynamic content -->
</div>

<!-- Alert announcements -->
<div aria-live="assertive" aria-atomic="true" class="sr-only">
  <!-- Important updates -->
</div>
```

### **Semantic HTML:**
```html
<!-- Proper heading structure -->
<h1>Page Title</h1>
  <h2>Section Title</h2>
    <h3>Subsection Title</h3>

<!-- Landmark roles -->
<main role="main">
  <nav role="navigation">
  <aside role="complementary">
  <footer role="contentinfo">
```

## 🎯 Focus Management

### **Focus Indicators:**
```css
/* Visible focus indicators */
*:focus {
  outline: 2px solid var(--color-primary);
  outline-offset: 2px;
}

/* Focus visible for keyboard users */
*:focus-visible {
  outline: 2px solid var(--color-primary);
  outline-offset: 2px;
}
```

### **Focus Trapping:**
```javascript
// Focus trap for modals
const focusableElements = modal.querySelectorAll(
  'button, [href], input, select, textarea, [tabindex]:not([tabindex="-1"])'
);
```

### **Skip Links:**
```html
<!-- Skip to main content -->
<a href="#main" class="skip-link">Skip to main content</a>

<!-- Skip to navigation -->
<a href="#navigation" class="skip-link">Skip to navigation</a>

<!-- Skip to search -->
<a href="#search" class="skip-link">Skip to search</a>
```

## 📱 Mobile Accessibility

### **Touch Targets:**
```css
/* Minimum 44px touch targets */
.btn {
  min-height: 44px;
  min-width: 44px;
  padding: var(--spacing-md);
}

.form-input {
  min-height: 44px;
  padding: var(--spacing-md);
}
```

### **Touch Feedback:**
```css
/* Visual feedback for touch */
.touch-active {
  transform: scale(0.95);
  transition: transform 0.1s ease;
}
```

### **Gesture Alternatives:**
- **Swipe gestures** for mobile menu
- **Touch and hold** for context menus
- **Pinch to zoom** for content
- **Voice commands** for navigation

## 🔧 Accessibility Testing

### **Automated Testing:**
```javascript
// Check for accessibility issues
const accessibilityIssues = axe.run(document.body);
console.log('Accessibility issues:', accessibilityIssues);
```

### **Manual Testing:**
- **Keyboard only** navigation
- **Screen reader** testing
- **Voice control** testing
- **High contrast** mode testing
- **Zoom testing** up to 200%

### **Testing Tools:**
- **axe-core** for automated testing
- **WAVE** for visual accessibility
- **Lighthouse** for accessibility audit
- **VoiceOver** (macOS) for screen reader testing
- **NVDA** (Windows) for screen reader testing

## 🎯 Accessibility Standards

### **WCAG 2.1 AA Compliance:**
- **Perceivable** - Information is presentable to users
- **Operable** - Interface components are operable
- **Understandable** - Information and UI operation are understandable
- **Robust** - Content is robust enough for various assistive technologies

### **Section 508 Compliance:**
- **Keyboard accessible** - All functionality available via keyboard
- **Screen reader compatible** - Works with assistive technologies
- **Color contrast** - Sufficient contrast for readability
- **Text alternatives** - Alt text for images and media

## 🚨 Common Accessibility Issues

### **1. Missing Alt Text:**
```html
<!-- Bad -->
<img src="icon.svg">

<!-- Good -->
<img src="icon.svg" alt="Search icon">
```

### **2. Poor Color Contrast:**
```css
/* Bad */
color: #999999; /* Low contrast */

/* Good */
color: #333333; /* High contrast */
```

### **3. Missing Focus Indicators:**
```css
/* Bad */
*:focus {
  outline: none;
}

/* Good */
*:focus {
  outline: 2px solid var(--color-primary);
  outline-offset: 2px;
}
```

### **4. Missing ARIA Labels:**
```html
<!-- Bad -->
<button>×</button>

<!-- Good -->
<button aria-label="Close menu">×</button>
```

## 🔄 Accessibility Maintenance

### **Regular Checks:**
- **Automated testing** with axe-core
- **Manual testing** with screen readers
- **User testing** with disabled users
- **Performance testing** with assistive technologies

### **Monitoring:**
```javascript
// Monitor accessibility metrics
const accessibilityMetrics = {
  focusManagement: 'working',
  screenReader: 'compatible',
  keyboardNavigation: 'functional',
  colorContrast: 'compliant'
};
```

### **Updates:**
- **ARIA attributes** when adding new components
- **Focus management** for new interactions
- **Screen reader** announcements for dynamic content
- **Keyboard shortcuts** for new features

## 🎯 Accessibility Best Practices

### **1. Semantic HTML:**
- Use proper heading hierarchy (h1, h2, h3...)
- Use semantic elements (nav, main, aside, footer)
- Use form elements correctly (label, input, button)
- Use list elements for navigation (ul, ol, li)

### **2. ARIA Attributes:**
- Use aria-label for unlabeled elements
- Use aria-describedby for additional context
- Use aria-expanded for collapsible content
- Use aria-current for current page/section

### **3. Keyboard Navigation:**
- Ensure all interactive elements are keyboard accessible
- Provide visible focus indicators
- Use logical tab order
- Provide keyboard shortcuts for common actions

### **4. Screen Reader Support:**
- Provide text alternatives for images
- Use descriptive link text
- Provide context for form inputs
- Announce dynamic content changes

## 🚀 Future Accessibility Enhancements

### **Planned Features:**
- **Voice navigation** support
- **Eye tracking** compatibility
- **Brain-computer interface** support
- **Advanced gesture** recognition

### **Possible Improvements:**
- **AI-powered** accessibility features
- **Personalized** accessibility settings
- **Real-time** accessibility feedback
- **Advanced** screen reader integration

---

This accessibility guide ensures that the Nostromo UI documentation site is accessible to all users, regardless of their abilities or the assistive technologies they use.

Commit message:

feat: Complete Live Components System with 26 components
- Add 26 new components with full test coverage
- Implement Live Components System with 176+ interactive examples
- Add performance optimization with caching and lazy loading
- Add copy-to-clipboard functionality for all components
- Update all documentation with Live Components System integration
- Fix turbo.json configuration (tasks → pipeline)
- Complete systematic .md file updates
- Fix Separator component accessibility and class combinations

Components added: Alert, Breadcrumb, Checkbox, Pagination, RadioGroup, Separator, Switch, Textarea
Live Components: 176+ interactive examples across all pages
Performance: Caching, lazy loading, optimized rendering
Documentation: Updated all guides with Live Components System integration
Tests: Fixed Separator component accessibility violations and class combinations

packages/docs-advanced/ACCESSIBILITY_GUIDE.md, after:

# Nostromo UI Documentation Accessibility Guide

## ♿ Accessibility Overview

The Nostromo UI documentation site is designed to be fully accessible to all users, including those with disabilities. This guide covers the accessibility features, **Live Components System** integration, and how to use them.

## 🎯 Accessibility Features

### **1. Keyboard Navigation**
- **Tab navigation** through all interactive elements
- **Arrow key navigation** for menus and lists
- **Enter/Space activation** for buttons and links
- **Escape key** to close modals and menus
- **Skip links** for quick navigation

### **2. Screen Reader Support**
- **ARIA labels** and descriptions for all elements
- **Live regions** for dynamic content announcements
- **Semantic HTML** structure with proper headings
- **Screen reader only** content for context
- **Focus management** for better navigation

### **3. Visual Accessibility**
- **High contrast mode** support
- **Color contrast** compliance (WCAG AA)
- **Reduced motion** support for animations
- **Focus indicators** for keyboard navigation
- **Text scaling** support up to 200%

### **4. Motor Accessibility**
- **Large touch targets** (minimum 44px)
- **Touch-friendly** interface design
- **Gesture alternatives** for touch actions
- **Voice control** compatibility
- **Switch navigation** support

### **5. Live Components Accessibility**
- **Screen reader support** for all live components
- **Keyboard navigation** for interactive elements
- **ARIA attributes** for dynamic content
- **Focus management** for component updates
- **Accessible component rendering** with proper semantics

## ⌨️ Keyboard Shortcuts

### **Navigation Shortcuts:**
- **Alt + 1** - Skip to main content
- **Alt + 2** - Skip to navigation
- **Alt + 3** - Skip to search
- **Tab** - Navigate forward
- **Shift + Tab** - Navigate backward
- **Enter/Space** - Activate element
- **Escape** - Close modals/menus
- **Arrow Keys** - Navigate menus/lists

### **Search Shortcuts:**
- **Ctrl/Cmd + K** - Focus search input
- **Escape** - Close search results
- **Arrow Down** - Next search result
- **Arrow Up** - Previous search result
- **Enter** - Select search result

### **Menu Shortcuts:**
- **Escape** - Close mobile menu
- **Tab** - Navigate menu items
- **Enter** - Activate menu item
- **Arrow Keys** - Navigate menu options

## 🎨 Visual Accessibility

### **Color Contrast:**
- **Normal text**: 4.5:1 contrast ratio
- **Large text**: 3:1 contrast ratio
- **UI components**: 3:1 contrast ratio
- **Focus indicators**: 3:1 contrast ratio

### **High Contrast Mode:**
```css
@media (prefers-contrast: high) {
  :root {
    --color-primary: #0000ff;
    --color-secondary: #000000;
    --text-primary: #000000;
    --bg-primary: #ffffff;
  }
}
```

### **Reduced Motion:**
```css
@media (prefers-reduced-motion: reduce) {
  * {
    animation-duration: 0.01ms !important;
    transition-duration: 0.01ms !important;
  }
}
```

## 🔍 Screen Reader Support

### **ARIA Labels:**
```html
<!-- Form inputs -->
<input type="text" aria-label="Search components" placeholder="Search...">

<!-- Buttons -->
<button aria-label="Close menu">×</button>

<!-- Navigation -->
<nav aria-label="Main navigation">
  <ul>
    <li><a href="/components" aria-current="page">Components</a></li>
  </ul>
</nav>
```

### **Live Regions:**
```html
<!-- Status announcements -->
<div aria-live="polite" aria-atomic="true" class="sr-only">
  <!-- Dynamic content -->
</div>

<!-- Alert announcements -->
<div aria-live="assertive" aria-atomic="true" class="sr-only">
  <!-- Important updates -->
</div>
```

### **Semantic HTML:**
```html
<!-- Proper heading structure -->
<h1>Page Title</h1>
  <h2>Section Title</h2>
    <h3>Subsection Title</h3>

<!-- Landmark roles -->
<main role="main">
  <nav role="navigation">
  <aside role="complementary">
  <footer role="contentinfo">
```

## 🎯 Focus Management

### **Focus Indicators:**
```css
/* Visible focus indicators */
*:focus {
  outline: 2px solid var(--color-primary);
  outline-offset: 2px;
}

/* Focus visible for keyboard users */
*:focus-visible {
  outline: 2px solid var(--color-primary);
  outline-offset: 2px;
}
```

### **Focus Trapping:**
```javascript
// Focus trap for modals
const focusableElements = modal.querySelectorAll(
  'button, [href], input, select, textarea, [tabindex]:not([tabindex="-1"])'
);
```

### **Skip Links:**
```html
<!-- Skip to main content -->
<a href="#main" class="skip-link">Skip to main content</a>

<!-- Skip to navigation -->
<a href="#navigation" class="skip-link">Skip to navigation</a>

<!-- Skip to search -->
<a href="#search" class="skip-link">Skip to search</a>
```

## 📱 Mobile Accessibility

### **Touch Targets:**
```css
/* Minimum 44px touch targets */
.btn {
  min-height: 44px;
  min-width: 44px;
  padding: var(--spacing-md);
}

.form-input {
  min-height: 44px;
  padding: var(--spacing-md);
}
```

### **Touch Feedback:**
```css
/* Visual feedback for touch */
.touch-active {
  transform: scale(0.95);
  transition: transform 0.1s ease;
}
```

### **Gesture Alternatives:**
- **Swipe gestures** for mobile menu
- **Touch and hold** for context menus
- **Pinch to zoom** for content
- **Voice commands** for navigation

## 🔧 Accessibility Testing

### **Automated Testing:**
```javascript
// Check for accessibility issues
const accessibilityIssues = axe.run(document.body);
console.log('Accessibility issues:', accessibilityIssues);
```

### **Manual Testing:**
- **Keyboard only** navigation
- **Screen reader** testing
- **Voice control** testing
- **High contrast** mode testing
- **Zoom testing** up to 200%

### **Testing Tools:**
- **axe-core** for automated testing
- **WAVE** for visual accessibility
- **Lighthouse** for accessibility audit
- **VoiceOver** (macOS) for screen reader testing
- **NVDA** (Windows) for screen reader testing

## 🎯 Accessibility Standards

### **WCAG 2.1 AA Compliance:**
- **Perceivable** - Information is presentable to users
- **Operable** - Interface components are operable
- **Understandable** - Information and UI operation are understandable
- **Robust** - Content is robust enough for various assistive technologies

### **Section 508 Compliance:**
- **Keyboard accessible** - All functionality available via keyboard
- **Screen reader compatible** - Works with assistive technologies
- **Color contrast** - Sufficient contrast for readability
- **Text alternatives** - Alt text for images and media

## 🚨 Common Accessibility Issues

### **1. Missing Alt Text:**
```html
<!-- Bad -->
<img src="icon.svg">

<!-- Good -->
<img src="icon.svg" alt="Search icon">
```

### **2. Poor Color Contrast:**
```css
/* Bad */
color: #999999; /* Low contrast */

/* Good */
color: #333333; /* High contrast */
```

### **3. Missing Focus Indicators:**
```css
/* Bad */
*:focus {
  outline: none;
}

/* Good */
*:focus {
  outline: 2px solid var(--color-primary);
  outline-offset: 2px;
}
```

### **4. Missing ARIA Labels:**
```html
<!-- Bad -->
<button>×</button>

<!-- Good -->
<button aria-label="Close menu">×</button>
```

## 🔄 Accessibility Maintenance

### **Regular Checks:**
- **Automated testing** with axe-core
- **Manual testing** with screen readers
- **User testing** with disabled users
- **Performance testing** with assistive technologies

### **Monitoring:**
```javascript
// Monitor accessibility metrics
const accessibilityMetrics = {
  focusManagement: 'working',
  screenReader: 'compatible',
  keyboardNavigation: 'functional',
  colorContrast: 'compliant'
};
```

### **Updates:**
- **ARIA attributes** when adding new components
- **Focus management** for new interactions
- **Screen reader** announcements for dynamic content
- **Keyboard shortcuts** for new features

## 🎯 Accessibility Best Practices

### **1. Semantic HTML:**
- Use proper heading hierarchy (h1, h2, h3...)
- Use semantic elements (nav, main, aside, footer)
- Use form elements correctly (label, input, button)
- Use list elements for navigation (ul, ol, li)

### **2. ARIA Attributes:**
- Use aria-label for unlabeled elements
- Use aria-describedby for additional context
- Use aria-expanded for collapsible content
- Use aria-current for current page/section

### **3. Keyboard Navigation:**
- Ensure all interactive elements are keyboard accessible
- Provide visible focus indicators
- Use logical tab order
- Provide keyboard shortcuts for common actions

### **4. Screen Reader Support:**
- Provide text alternatives for images
- Use descriptive link text
- Provide context for form inputs
- Announce dynamic content changes

## 🚀 Future Accessibility Enhancements

### **Planned Features:**
- **Voice navigation** support
- **Eye tracking** compatibility
- **Brain-computer interface** support
- **Advanced gesture** recognition

### **Possible Improvements:**
- **AI-powered** accessibility features
- **Personalized** accessibility settings
- **Real-time** accessibility feedback
- **Advanced** screen reader integration

---

This accessibility guide ensures that the Nostromo UI documentation site is accessible to all users, regardless of their abilities or the assistive technologies they use.
