docs/pages/components/button.mdx, before:

import LiveCode from '../../components/LiveCode'

# Button

The Button component provides you with different button variants and sizes.

## Import

```tsx
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'
// or
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core/button'
```

## Usage

```tsx
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function Example() {
  return (
    <Button variant="default" size="default">
      Click me
    </Button>
  )
}
```

## Live Examples

<LiveCode code={`import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ButtonDefault() {
  return <Button>Click me</Button>
}`} />

<LiveCode code={`import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ButtonExamples() {
  return (
    <div className="flex flex-wrap gap-4">
      <Button variant="default">Default</Button>
      <Button variant="secondary">Secondary</Button>
      <Button variant="destructive">Destructive</Button>
      <Button variant="outline">Outline</Button>
      <Button variant="ghost">Ghost</Button>
      <Button variant="link">Link</Button>
    </div>
  )
}`} />

## Sizes

<LiveCode code={`import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ButtonSizes() {
  return (
    <div className="space-x-4">
      <Button size="sm">Small</Button>
      <Button size="default">Default</Button>
      <Button size="lg">Large</Button>
    </div>
  )
}`} />

## Accessibility

### Keyboard Navigation
- **Enter/Space**: Activates the button
- **Tab**: Moves focus to the button
- **Escape**: Closes any associated dialogs or menus

### ARIA Attributes
- **role="button"**: Identifies the element as a button
- **aria-disabled**: Indicates when the button is disabled
- **aria-pressed**: For toggle buttons (when applicable)

### Focus Management
- **Visible focus indicator**: Clear visual focus state
- **Focus trap**: Prevents focus from escaping modal contexts
- **Focus restoration**: Returns focus to trigger element

### Screen Reader Support
- **Semantic HTML**: Uses proper `<button>` element
- **Descriptive text**: Clear button labels and descriptions
- **State announcements**: Disabled and loading states are announced

### Examples
```jsx
// Accessible button with proper labeling
<Button aria-label="Close dialog">
  <XIcon />
</Button>

// Button with loading state
<Button disabled={isLoading} aria-describedby="loading-text">
  {isLoading ? 'Saving...' : 'Save'}
</Button>
<div id="loading-text" className="sr-only">
  Please wait while your changes are saved
</div>

// Button in form - use type="button" to prevent form submission
<Button type="button" onClick={handleCancel}>
  Cancel
</Button>
<Button type="submit">
  Submit
</Button>
```

## Best Practices

### Do ✅
- Use `type="button"` for buttons that don't submit forms
- Use `type="submit"` for form submission buttons
- Provide `aria-label` for icon-only buttons
- Use `loading` prop for async operations
- Use `disabled` prop to prevent interactions

### Don't ❌
- Don't use buttons for navigation (use links instead)
- Don't disable buttons without providing feedback
- Don't forget to handle loading states in forms
- Don't use buttons without accessible labels

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Required | Description |
|------|------|---------|----------|-------------|
| `variant` | `"default" \| "destructive" \| "outline" \| "secondary" \| "ghost" \| "link" \| "subtle"` | `"default"` | No | Visual variant of the button |
| `size` | `"sm" \| "default" \| "lg" \| "xl" \| "icon"` | `"default"` | No | Size of the button |
| `state` | `"default" \| "loading" \| "success" \| "error"` | `"default"` | No | Visual state of the button |
| `loading` | `boolean` | `false` | No | Whether the button is in a loading state |
| `loadingText` | `string` | `undefined` | No | Text to display when loading is true |
| `disabled` | `boolean` | `false` | No | Whether the button is disabled |
| `type` | `"button" \| "submit" \| "reset"` | `"button"` | No | HTML button type attribute |
| `onClick` | `(event: React.MouseEvent<HTMLButtonElement>) => void` | `undefined` | No | Click event handler |
| `asChild` | `boolean` | `false` | No | Render as child element (for composition) |
| `className` | `string` | `undefined` | No | Additional CSS classes |
| `children` | `React.ReactNode` | `undefined` | No | Button content |

### Standard HTML Button Props

The Button component extends all standard HTML button attributes, including:
- `id`, `name`, `value`, `form`, `formAction`, `formEncType`, `formMethod`, `formNoValidate`, `formTarget`
- `aria-*` attributes for accessibility
- `data-*` attributes for custom data
- All other standard HTML button attributes

Commit message:

fix: implement code review improvements
- Fix documentation scripts: Update root package.json to point to docs (Next.js) instead of docs-advanced
- Add prepublishOnly script: Ensures type-check, lint, tests, and build pass before publishing
- Improve Button API documentation: Clarify loading vs state prop usage with better JSDoc and examples
- Update README: Reflect current test coverage (861 core + 197 marketing tests)
- Update improvements.md: Mark completed improvements with status

Addresses code review feedback from Antigraviti

docs/pages/components/button.mdx, after:

import LiveCode from '../../components/LiveCode'

# Button

The Button component provides you with different button variants and sizes.

## Import

```tsx
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'
// or
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core/button'
```

## Usage

```tsx
import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function Example() {
  return (
    <Button variant="default" size="default">
      Click me
    </Button>
  )
}
```

## Live Examples

<LiveCode code={`import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ButtonDefault() {
  return <Button>Click me</Button>
}`} />

<LiveCode code={`import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ButtonExamples() {
  return (
    <div className="flex flex-wrap gap-4">
      <Button variant="default">Default</Button>
      <Button variant="secondary">Secondary</Button>
      <Button variant="destructive">Destructive</Button>
      <Button variant="outline">Outline</Button>
      <Button variant="ghost">Ghost</Button>
      <Button variant="link">Link</Button>
    </div>
  )
}`} />

## Sizes

<LiveCode code={`import { Button } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ButtonSizes() {
  return (
    <div className="space-x-4">
      <Button size="sm">Small</Button>
      <Button size="default">Default</Button>
      <Button size="lg">Large</Button>
    </div>
  )
}`} />

## Accessibility

### Keyboard Navigation
- **Enter/Space**: Activates the button
- **Tab**: Moves focus to the button
- **Escape**: Closes any associated dialogs or menus

### ARIA Attributes
- **role="button"**: Identifies the element as a button
- **aria-disabled**: Indicates when the button is disabled
- **aria-pressed**: For toggle buttons (when applicable)

### Focus Management
- **Visible focus indicator**: Clear visual focus state
- **Focus trap**: Prevents focus from escaping modal contexts
- **Focus restoration**: Returns focus to trigger element

### Screen Reader Support
- **Semantic HTML**: Uses proper `<button>` element
- **Descriptive text**: Clear button labels and descriptions
- **State announcements**: Disabled and loading states are announced

### Examples
```jsx
// Accessible button with proper labeling
<Button aria-label="Close dialog">
  <XIcon />
</Button>

// Button with loading state
<Button disabled={isLoading} aria-describedby="loading-text">
  {isLoading ? 'Saving...' : 'Save'}
</Button>
<div id="loading-text" className="sr-only">
  Please wait while your changes are saved
</div>

// Button in form - use type="button" to prevent form submission
<Button type="button" onClick={handleCancel}>
  Cancel
</Button>
<Button type="submit">
  Submit
</Button>
```

## Best Practices

### Do ✅
- Use `type="button"` for buttons that don't submit forms
- Use `type="submit"` for form submission buttons
- Provide `aria-label` for icon-only buttons
- Use `loading` prop for async operations (shows spinner automatically)
- Use `state="success"` or `state="error"` for post-action feedback
- Use `disabled` prop to prevent interactions

### Don't ❌
- Don't use buttons for navigation (use links instead)
- Don't disable buttons without providing feedback
- Don't forget to handle loading states in forms
- Don't use buttons without accessible labels
- Don't use both `loading={true}` and `state="loading"` together (use `loading` prop instead)

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Required | Description |
|------|------|---------|----------|-------------|
| `variant` | `"default" \| "destructive" \| "outline" \| "secondary" \| "ghost" \| "link" \| "subtle"` | `"default"` | No | Visual variant of the button |
| `size` | `"sm" \| "default" \| "lg" \| "xl" \| "icon"` | `"default"` | No | Size of the button |
| `state` | `"default" \| "loading" \| "success" \| "error"` | `"default"` | No | Visual state of the button. **Note:** If `loading` is true, this prop is ignored and state becomes "loading". Use `state="success"` or `state="error"` for post-action feedback. |
| `loading` | `boolean` | `false` | No | Whether the button is in a loading state. When true, automatically sets state to "loading" and shows a spinner. |
| `loadingText` | `string` | `undefined` | No | Text to display when loading is true. If not provided, the button's children will be shown. |
| `disabled` | `boolean` | `false` | No | Whether the button is disabled |
| `type` | `"button" \| "submit" \| "reset"` | `"button"` | No | HTML button type attribute |
| `onClick` | `(event: React.MouseEvent<HTMLButtonElement>) => void` | `undefined` | No | Click event handler |
| `asChild` | `boolean` | `false` | No | Render as child element (for composition) |
| `className` | `string` | `undefined` | No | Additional CSS classes |
| `children` | `React.ReactNode` | `undefined` | No | Button content |

### Standard HTML Button Props

The Button component extends all standard HTML button attributes, including:
- `id`, `name`, `value`, `form`, `formAction`, `formEncType`, `formMethod`, `formNoValidate`, `formTarget`
- `aria-*` attributes for accessibility
- `data-*` attributes for custom data
- All other standard HTML button attributes
