docs/pages/components/icon.mdx, before:

import StorybookEmbed from '../../components/StorybookEmbed'

# Icon

Icon komponenten giver dig ikoner og symboler til din applikation.

## Live Eksempler

<StorybookEmbed story="components-icon--default" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-icon--sizes" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-icon--colors" />

## Kode Eksempler

```jsx
import { Icon } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function IconExamples() {
  return (
    <div className="space-x-4">
      <Icon name="home" />
      <Icon name="user" />
      <Icon name="settings" />
      <Icon name="search" />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Størrelser

```jsx
import { Icon } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function IconSizes() {
  return (
    <div className="space-x-4">
      <Icon name="star" size="sm" />
      <Icon name="star" size="default" />
      <Icon name="star" size="lg" />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Beskrivelse |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `name` | `string` | - | Ikon navn |
| `size` | `"sm" \| "default" \| "lg"` | `"default"` | Ikon størrelse |

Commit message:

feat: translate remaining component pages to English
- Translate dialog component page to English
- Translate icon component page to English
- Translate label component page to English
- Translate pagination component page to English
- Translate progress component page to English
- Translate select component page to English
- Translate separator component page to English
- Translate skeleton component page to English
- Translate switch component page to English
- Translate table component page to English
- Translate tabs component page to English
- Translate textarea component page to English
- Translate toast component page to English
- Translate tooltip component page to English
- Update all component descriptions, examples, and props tables
- Complete English translation of all documentation pages

docs/pages/components/icon.mdx, after:

import StorybookEmbed from '../../components/StorybookEmbed'

# Icon

The Icon component provides you with icons and symbols for your application.

## Live Examples

<StorybookEmbed story="components-icon--default" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-icon--sizes" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-icon--colors" />

## Code Examples

```jsx
import { Icon } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function IconExamples() {
  return (
    <div className="space-x-4">
      <Icon name="home" />
      <Icon name="user" />
      <Icon name="settings" />
      <Icon name="search" />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Sizes

```jsx
import { Icon } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function IconSizes() {
  return (
    <div className="space-x-4">
      <Icon name="star" size="sm" />
      <Icon name="star" size="default" />
      <Icon name="star" size="lg" />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `name` | `string` | - | Icon name |
| `size` | `"sm" \| "default" \| "lg"` | `"default"` | Icon size |
