docs/pages/components/pagination.mdx, before:

import StorybookEmbed from '../../components/StorybookEmbed'

# Pagination

Pagination komponenten giver dig sideinddeling og navigation.

## Live Eksempler

<StorybookEmbed story="components-pagination--default" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-pagination--with-many-pages" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-pagination--compact" />

## Kode Eksempler

```jsx
import { Pagination, PaginationContent, PaginationItem, PaginationLink, PaginationNext, PaginationPrevious } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function PaginationExample() {
  return (
    <Pagination>
      <PaginationContent>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationPrevious href="#" />
        </PaginationItem>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationLink href="#">1</PaginationLink>
        </PaginationItem>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationLink href="#" isActive>2</PaginationLink>
        </PaginationItem>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationLink href="#">3</PaginationLink>
        </PaginationItem>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationNext href="#" />
        </PaginationItem>
      </PaginationContent>
    </Pagination>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Beskrivelse |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `isActive` | `boolean` | `false` | Om link er aktiv |
| `href` | `string` | - | Link URL |

Commit message:

feat: translate remaining component pages to English
- Translate dialog component page to English
- Translate icon component page to English
- Translate label component page to English
- Translate pagination component page to English
- Translate progress component page to English
- Translate select component page to English
- Translate separator component page to English
- Translate skeleton component page to English
- Translate switch component page to English
- Translate table component page to English
- Translate tabs component page to English
- Translate textarea component page to English
- Translate toast component page to English
- Translate tooltip component page to English
- Update all component descriptions, examples, and props tables
- Complete English translation of all documentation pages

docs/pages/components/pagination.mdx, after:

import StorybookEmbed from '../../components/StorybookEmbed'

# Pagination

The Pagination component provides you with page navigation and pagination.

## Live Examples

<StorybookEmbed story="components-pagination--default" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-pagination--with-many-pages" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-pagination--compact" />

## Code Examples

```jsx
import { Pagination, PaginationContent, PaginationItem, PaginationLink, PaginationNext, PaginationPrevious } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function PaginationExample() {
  return (
    <Pagination>
      <PaginationContent>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationPrevious href="#" />
        </PaginationItem>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationLink href="#">1</PaginationLink>
        </PaginationItem>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationLink href="#" isActive>2</PaginationLink>
        </PaginationItem>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationLink href="#">3</PaginationLink>
        </PaginationItem>
        <PaginationItem>
          <PaginationNext href="#" />
        </PaginationItem>
      </PaginationContent>
    </Pagination>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `isActive` | `boolean` | `false` | Whether link is active |
| `href` | `string` | - | Link URL |
