docs/pages/components/progress.mdx, before:

import StorybookEmbed from '../../components/StorybookEmbed'

# Progress

Progress komponenten giver dig fremskridtsindikatorer.

## Live Eksempler

<StorybookEmbed story="components-progress--default" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-progress--variants" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-progress--animated" />

## Eksempler

```jsx
import { Progress } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ProgressExample() {
  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <Progress value={33} />
      <Progress value={66} />
      <Progress value={100} />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Med Label

```jsx
import { Progress } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ProgressWithLabel() {
  return (
    <div className="space-y-2">
      <div className="flex justify-between text-sm">
        <span>Upload progress</span>
        <span>75%</span>
      </div>
      <Progress value={75} />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Beskrivelse |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `value` | `number` | `0` | Progress værdi (0-100) |
| `max` | `number` | `100` | Maksimal værdi |

Commit message:

feat: translate remaining component pages to English
- Translate dialog component page to English
- Translate icon component page to English
- Translate label component page to English
- Translate pagination component page to English
- Translate progress component page to English
- Translate select component page to English
- Translate separator component page to English
- Translate skeleton component page to English
- Translate switch component page to English
- Translate table component page to English
- Translate tabs component page to English
- Translate textarea component page to English
- Translate toast component page to English
- Translate tooltip component page to English
- Update all component descriptions, examples, and props tables
- Complete English translation of all documentation pages

docs/pages/components/progress.mdx, after:

import StorybookEmbed from '../../components/StorybookEmbed'

# Progress

The Progress component provides you with progress indicators.

## Live Examples

<StorybookEmbed story="components-progress--default" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-progress--variants" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-progress--animated" />

## Examples

```jsx
import { Progress } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ProgressExample() {
  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <Progress value={33} />
      <Progress value={66} />
      <Progress value={100} />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## With Label

```jsx
import { Progress } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function ProgressWithLabel() {
  return (
    <div className="space-y-2">
      <div className="flex justify-between text-sm">
        <span>Upload progress</span>
        <span>75%</span>
      </div>
      <Progress value={75} />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `value` | `number` | `0` | Progress value (0-100) |
| `max` | `number` | `100` | Maximum value |
