docs/pages/components/skeleton.mdx, before:

import StorybookEmbed from '../../components/StorybookEmbed'

# Skeleton

Skeleton komponenten giver dig loading placeholders.

## Live Eksempler

<StorybookEmbed story="components-skeleton--default" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-skeleton--card" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-skeleton--text" />

## Eksempler

```jsx
import { Skeleton } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function SkeletonExample() {
  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[250px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[200px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[150px]" />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Card Skeleton

```jsx
import { Skeleton } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function CardSkeleton() {
  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[250px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[200px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[150px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[100px]" />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Beskrivelse |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `className` | `string` | - | Custom CSS klasser |

Commit message:

feat: translate remaining component pages to English
- Translate dialog component page to English
- Translate icon component page to English
- Translate label component page to English
- Translate pagination component page to English
- Translate progress component page to English
- Translate select component page to English
- Translate separator component page to English
- Translate skeleton component page to English
- Translate switch component page to English
- Translate table component page to English
- Translate tabs component page to English
- Translate textarea component page to English
- Translate toast component page to English
- Translate tooltip component page to English
- Update all component descriptions, examples, and props tables
- Complete English translation of all documentation pages

docs/pages/components/skeleton.mdx, after:

import StorybookEmbed from '../../components/StorybookEmbed'

# Skeleton

The Skeleton component provides you with loading placeholders.

## Live Examples

<StorybookEmbed story="components-skeleton--default" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-skeleton--card" />

<StorybookEmbed story="components-skeleton--text" />

## Examples

```jsx
import { Skeleton } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function SkeletonExample() {
  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[250px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[200px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[150px]" />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Card Skeleton

```jsx
import { Skeleton } from '@nostromo/ui-core'

export default function CardSkeleton() {
  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[250px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[200px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[150px]" />
      <Skeleton className="h-4 w-[100px]" />
    </div>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop | Type | Default | Description |
|------|------|---------|-------------|
| `className` | `string` | - | Custom CSS classes |
